Metadata for the project:
"Combining a Direct and Indirect Training Approach for Cross-Domain Competences: The Case of the Course 'Pedagogy for Psychotherapists'"

1. Connected Files:

Data files: A) Main Study "Data_CombinedApproach_220523", B) Pilot Study "Data_Pilotstudy_CombinedApproach_220523"
Syntax files: A) "Syntax_CombinedApproach_220523", B) "Syntax_Pilotstudy_CombinedApproach_220523"
Codebook: "Codebook_CombinedApproach_220523"

2. A) Main Study: What data

Participants: 42 participants, undergraduate students taking part in the module "Pedagogy for Psychotherapists" at the Freie Universitaet Berlin
Location: Berlin, Germany
Method: collected online using LimeSurvey
Type of data: Data file contains demographic data (age, gender), questionnaire data (Need for cognition, Verbal intelligence, Cognitive Load, etc.), answers to prior and posttest declarative knowledge, answers to self-explanation prompts, and argumentation scores.
Time of collection: Summer semester 2021
Description: number of variables = 322, number of cases = 42, Missing data code = -99.

   B) Pilot Study: What data

Participants: 171 adults from the general population, aged 18+ (n = 42 removed due to missing consent for sharing of data)
Location: Germany
Method: collected online using LimeSurvey
Type of data: Data file contains demographic data (age, gender), questionnaire data (Need for cognition), answers to prior and posttest declarative knowledge, answers to self-explanation prompts and fading questions, and judgements of learning materials.
Time of collection: Summer 2020
Description: number of variables = 177, number of cases = 129, Missing data codes = -9, -99, -999, 99.

3. A) Main Study: Data Processing

Data preparation and analysis documented in Syntax file "Syntax_CombinedApproach_220523".
Data relating to A-level grade, years of education, and argumentations written by participants in their study assignments deleted for anonymization.
These data can be given upon request and additional data protection measures.

   B) Pilot Study: Data Processing

Data preparation and analysis documented in Syntax file "Syntax_Pilotstudy_CombinedApproach_220523".
Data relating to years of education and education achieved deleted for anonymization.
These data can be given upon request and additional data protection measures.

4. Data protection

Data were saved on password-protected computer systems and only accessible to the primary researcher.
Data were anonymized after conclusion of data analysis to protect participants.

5. Informed Consent

Participants were informed of the aims and contents of the study before giving consent for their participation.
Separate consent was given for saving data in data repositorium.
All data of participants who had not given consent for data sharing using data repositorium were removed from datasets prior to publication.

6. Pseudonymization and Anonymization

Data were initially pseudonymized by removing participants' names and using a researcher-generated code instead.
Names and codes were saved in separate password-protected excel file.
Data were then anonymized by deleting the code-list containing names and codes by the 31.03.2022.

7. Methodological Information

Software for analysis: IBM SPSS Statistics, Version 28.
Software for collection: LimeSurvey, Version 3.22.

8. Data Usage

The theoretical framework for the project, description of data collection, analysis and interpretation can be found in the following publication: 
Udvardi-Lakos, N., Weirich, M., Lützenburger, K., Asbrand, J., & Renkl, A. (under review). Combining a Direct and Indirect Training Approach for Cross-Domain Competences: The Case of the Course 'Pedagogy for Psychotherapists'.
The learning material can be requested from the primary author.

Data available under Ceative Commons Licence CC-BY-NC-SA.
